In what is sure to be the absolute craziest endeavor undertaken by a less blissful and youthful version of myself than started college all those years ago, I intend to build my own OS from scratch. Almost certain to drive me up a wall, I am almost there simply from my repeated abjest failures looking for a job in software engineering. In the spirit of that movie about that 30-something woman who cooked her way through Julia Childs cookbook just to say she did, as well as I guess the guys who did the Everest Doc from the early 2000's, I have decided to blog about it daily until I am done. So saddle up cowpoke, you might be listening to me whine for a while.
 Today I sat down and began to read. What began as a naive and infantile hope slowly turned sour and then grim as the enormity of the undertaking loomed before me. I stumbled upon a book, "Linux From Scratch", that seemed as though it might serve as a good building block towards the project. I have made it about halfway through Chapter One and spent the remainder of the night downloading and updating various tools I will have to use to build a custom Linux implementation. Please note, this Linux implementation is not actually the OS but only a toy example to get a grip on the levers and buttons I wanna be working with during the actual project. This seems to me a useful stepping stone because there is a very clear target: Linux implementation. I know what that is, what it does, how it works, etc. Thus, if I can build a THING that does that THING I will have hit my mark and gained requisite knowledge. 
Anyway, this feels like a logical stopping point for day 1. Tomorrow I intend to start to make my way through the book proper. This journey is going to be certainly very interesting. Pray for me.